---
layout : null
title : Polytechnic TRB hall ticket | can be downloaded From 22/10/2021 onwards
---

Direct Recruitment of Lecturers (Engineering / Non-Engineering) in Government Polytechnic Colleges for the year 2017-18

          

COMPUTER BASED EXAMINATION ADMIT CARD

              Teachers Recruitment Board issued Notification for the Direct Recruitment of Lecturers in Government Polytechnic Colleges (Engineering/Non-Engineering) for the year 2017-2018, vide Notification No.14/2019, dated 27.11.2019. In this connection, Teachers Recruitment Board now releases the Provisional Admit Card for the eligible candidates who have applied for the said examination with City/Town and the district name for the examination centre in it. A new admit card will be issued indicating the examination centre in the District already informed, three days prior to the Scheduled date of examination. Further, it is instructed that candidates are expected to download their admit card once again and adhere to the instructions notified there on.

              Dates for Computer Based Examination: 28.10.2021, 29.10.2021,30.10.2021 and 31.10.2021. – Forenoon/Afternoon Sessions. Candidates are strictly instructed to reach the centre as per the timings mentioned in the Admit Card. Late comers will not be allowed inside the Centre for Examination.

              The candidates are requested to use their User ID and Password for downloading their Admit Card through the website http://www.trb.tn.nic.in from 21.10.2021 onwards in the following steps.

              To familiarize with Computer based examination Practice test / Mock test is also available.

              Step 1 – Click Login

              Step 2 – Enter User ID and password

              Step 3 – Click Dashboard

              Step 4 – Click Here to download Admit Card



http://trb.tn.nic.in/poli2019/21102021/msg.htm



{% include youtubePlayer.html id='mwkO2k01N14' %}
